initial user's guide (#76)
kiali/openshift-servicemesh-plugin: docs/users-guide.md

# OpenShift Service Mesh Console User's Guide

> The OpenShift Service Mesh Console (aka OSSMC) is an extension to the OpenShift Console which provides visibility into your Service Mesh. The functionality you see described here is very similar to that of the standalone Kiali Console (see https://kiali.io). In fact, you can still access the standalone Kiali Console if you wish. This User's Guide, however, will discuss the functionality that you see from within the OpenShift Console itself.

Reviewer: It'd be helpful adding a blurb here saying that the plugin both provides its own "tab" (or whatever the left side nav section is called) and enhances existing ones like the "Workloads" pages in order to set expectations on what the plugin does.

Author: done.

> The OpenShift Service Mesh Console (aka OSSMC) is an extension to the OpenShift Console which provides visibility into your Service Mesh. The functionality you see described here is very similar to that of the standalone Kiali Console (see https://kiali.io). In fact, you can still access the standalone Kiali Console if you wish. This User's Guide, however, will discuss the functionality that you see from within the OpenShift Console itself.

Author: this is done here: https://github.com/kiali/openshift-servicemesh-plugin/pull/76/commits/b320d73b759d2f7ca644979574560aeeca9af2e1

:warning: The OSSMC [only supports a single tenant today](https://github.com/kiali/openshift-servicemesh-plugin/issues/28). Whether that tenant is configured to access only a subset of OpenShift projects or has access cluster-wide to all projects does not matter, however, only a single tenant can be accessed.

> # Overview

Reviewer: Do you need a screenshot for the overview page as well?

Author: Screenshot of the overview page is the first one in the user's guide: https://github.com/kiali/openshift-servicemesh-plugin/blob/eed0a8eab662ab476adc265d22bcee4e12ba315c/docs/users-guide.md#overview

This: https://github.com/kiali/openshift-servicemesh-plugin/blob/eed0a8eab662ab476adc265d22bcee4e12ba315c/docs/20-overview.png

> # Overview

Author: I did add a blurb at the top about this as a suggestion from nick.. see: https://github.com/kiali/openshift-servicemesh-plugin/pull/76#discussion_r963855656 and https://github.com/kiali/openshift-servicemesh-plugin/pull/76/commits/b3d8ee99d58b041e9f507da2610386526c159599

> The _Overview_ page provides a summary of your mesh by showing cards representing the namespaces participating in the mesh. Each namespace card has summary metric graphs and additional health details. There are links in the cards that take you to other pages within OSSMC.

Reviewer: imo mentions of the tab name should be bold and not italicized.

Author: I don't know the standard doc way of doing it. Perhaps @JStickler can tell us.

## Workload: Traffic

The _Workload: Traffic_ sub-tab provides information about all inbound and outbound traffic to the workload.

![Workload: Traffic](24-workload-traffic.png)

## Workload: Logs

The _Workload: Logs_ sub-tab provides the logs for the workload's containers. You can view each container logs individual or see them intermixed ordered by log time. This is especially helpful to see the Envoy sidecar proxy logs and how they relate to your workload's own logs. You can enable the tracing span integration which allows you to see which logs correspond to tracing spans.

![Workload: Logs](25-workload-logs.png)

## Workload: Metrics

You can see both inbound and outbound metric graphs in the corresponding sub-tabs. All the workload metrics can be displayed here, providing you with a detail view of the performance of your workload. You can enable the tracing span integration which allows you to see which spans occurred at the same time as the metrics. You can then click on a span marker in the graph to view the specific spans associated with that timeframe.

![Workload: Metrics](26-workload-metrics.png)

## Workload: Traces

> The _Traces_ sub-tab provides a graph that illustrates the trace spans that were collected over the given timeframe. Click on a bubble to drill down into those trace spans; the trace spans can provide you the most low-level detail within your workload application, down to the individual request level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The _Traces_ sub-tab provides a chart showing the trace spans collected over the given timeframe. Click on a bubble to drill down into those trace spans; the trace spans can provide you the most low-level detail within your workload application, down to the individual request level.
```

![Workload: Traces](27-workload-traces.png)

> The trace details view will give further details, including heatmaps that provide you with a comparision of one span in relation to other requests and spans in the same timeframe.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The trace details view will give further details, including heatmaps that provide you with a comparison of one span in relation to other requests and spans in the same timeframe.
```
